hey guys it's dawn funkier platinum
leader live from Lake Tahoe oh my gosh I
am out here in the middle of the lake
with my beautiful daughter Alexei
celebrating her 13th birthday and for
those of you that don't know our story
four years ago in her ninth birthday we
couldn't even afford to take her to
steak and shake that's how broke we were
all of our credit cards were turned off
we were on the brink of bankruptcy and
just in a horrible place financially and
yet because of advocare because of doing
this business a little bit every single
day and never stopping and just you know
working with our champion leaders and
you know just being coachable and
teachable here we are in Lake Tahoe on
this amazing trip of a lifetime a very
special birthday for her but what I want
to share with you right now that's on my
heart is you know here we are we're on
these kayaks and it's a two-person kayak
and you know I'm not going to lie that
my arse are getting a little sore and I
know lexi is a you know struggling a
little bit too we've been out here since
9am almost four hours on this beautiful
crystal blue lake and yet at the same
time it's we have to keep paddling like
the only way that we're going to get to
where we want to go which is the shore
in our car so that we can go back to our
hotel and chillax is to keep paddling
and that has really just hit me sitting
here on this lake is that you know we'll
never get back to the shore if we quit
if we quit paddling and you know some of
our strokes are a little weak and a
little winded and you know mentally
exhausting and then we get a little
burst and you know will paddle really
quick and that is so similar to your
AdvoCare journey there are going to be
days when you're going to feel like you
have great momentum and things are going
your way and and you know you're having
people have amazing results and the
products and you know your business
builders might actually be using the
success system and then they're going to
be days when you are going to want to
feel like giving up and you are going to
question whether or not this is worth it
and let me tell you I have lived through
that
still you know have hard days in this
business all the stories they could tell
you of even recent things but as I look
around at this beautiful gods country
and I think about our journey to get
here it is so so worth it and guys it is
a natural part of the journey to have
the struggles and to have the mentally
exhausting you know parts of it and
sometimes you know you just gotta you
know work as a team and you know here's
Lexi and I hey Lexi can you say hi hey
and you know right now I'm being the
lazy one and you know I am just
following her lean and I'm letting her
help me but I'm going to take over here
in a minute too because this is a team
effort and just like an advocare guys
we're not going to get back to the shore
if we both don't paddle and get to work
and so you've got to work with your
sponsor you've got to let them help you
but at the same time you got to put in
some work okay you cannot just ride
their coattails you have to take
ownership of your actions too and this
is your business and so work is a team
with your sponsor and I'm telling you
what this business this opportunity will
make all of your dreams and more come
true and I know what is just a special
week this has been for Alexei and just
what an amazing gift is a mom to be able
to give this to her and we are just so
grateful you know to our amazing leaders
Jason and ty for introducing us to
AdvoCare and we are even more passionate
to help other families you know live
life on their terms and be able to take
gorgeous trips like this with their
family so I want to let Lexi say bye and
you guys just embrace the journey and
don't ever quit paddling all right say
by lexi lou no sick come on stay by